---
title: Up and Running With Webby
date: 2008-10-10T19:18:20-05:00
---

Welcome to the all new BryanRay.net. It's actually got some pretty interesting technology behind it … **static** files! It's all being powered by static HTML files which are dynamically generated by "Webby":webby and then pushed up to the server. I have to admit it's a nice change of pace to be able to only worry about **content** and not have to worry about my administrative interface for entering in my blog text.

If you haven't looked in to "Webby":webby … I would **highly** recommend it. Even if it's just to have a tool under your belt if you ever need to create a nice static site for a product, a friend, or if you really focus on creating web content (blogs in my case). It's got a lot of really good functionality baked right in to it and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.

I'll admit that it took me a while to get out of the 'database' mindset and in switching over to treat static files as your database, but once the little lightbulb clicks … it will all flow together.

I've still got a couple thing I've got to do to the site that I'm hoping to have done this weekend. I need to migrate over some of my previous articles, setup my RSS feed, and I'm going to take a look at using "Disqus":disqus to implement comments back on the site so that I can actually have some feedback on some of the articles that I'll be typing up in the next week or so. I've had a ton of stuff that I wanted to say, but it's just been such a burden to get them posted that I haven't even bothered. Enter "Webby":webby …

Update: So far so good. It took me all of 30 minutes to integrate "Disqus":disqus in to the site … we'll see how well it works. So far things are looking good.